---
layout: post
title:  "Todo List"
date: 2015-07-26
categories: notes
---

These are the things that are going through my head things that need to get done in one way or another. I just have to let them out of my brain -- So they I can make room for new thoughts.

1. Unlimited broadband connection of our own.

* Talked to the owners of this house. -- done. Will get a reply tonight or within the week. Thanks Neha.
* Inform them that as an IT professional -- it is vital in my profession to get the fastest internet possible and without any limit.
* I need them to enroll our address 25A Tamar Ave in the Wyndham Council so that we could get a separate phone line -- ultimately separate internet.
* This is the most important bit that I should do within tomorrow: 07 July 2015

2. Start looking again for an IT job. 

* I just attended the Python User Group Meetup tonight. It was good. I want to stay active in that group so that I would be aware of the job openings, new developments, django-dddp and meteor.
* I shall review my resume once again, update it, then apply again.

3. Fellowship -- Code for Australia

You've made it this far, but there's one more thing you need to do. 
In whichever format you think it's appropriate, tell us what makes you unique. 
Be creative and say something that will catch our eye! Also, please be short.

Bummer I failed once again at this. I did not get chosen. What did I miss again?

Be creative.
Say something that will catch our eye
Please be short


What makes me unique?

* I have a deadline on Wednesday to submit something about me. 
* Fellowship starts on 15 July 2015
* I don't have a clue what will I do in this fellowship thing, will it be a walk in the park? This is the only thing I have right now that I have a fighting chance to get my hands on real Australian money. I should do my best in this stint and this will potentially launch my development career here in Melbourne, Australia CBD. No less than a government job.

4. Making love to dude.
* What am I doing typing here in my computer while I can enjoy hot wet sex with dude. My dick in her wet vagina. Sliding in and out smoothly because it is soo wet. 

* Cum hard then sleep well -- fucking awesome!

5. Finally gain progress in doing my python book. I can do this. Upload stuff in my github account. That's the plan.