---
layout: post
title:  "Braindumpster"
date:   2015-07-24
categories: notes
---
Here are several things on my mind right now:

## Melbdjango School

There's a new homework for this week. I just did the first step. I forked the repository. I shall find time this weekend to accomplish my homework. My goal for this homework is to get down the requirements first. Make sure that it is clear before I start working on it.

Work on it just so it works. No extras this time. 

Finally. Push it for review. I wish I could make the merge to the original code base this time. 

I haven't started this one. Tomorrow is the day I shall start and finish this exercise. I guess I have to study lesson two first.

## My new tech blog
My new tech blog is up and running at github. There's a new opportunity to get new content on it since I had new experiences last week. Don't let it pass and record it for future use.

So happy with my new tech blog. I made some tweaks on it today. I made it more handsome. Of course it still has lots to improve but there will be more time for that. At least I made one small step today.

## Lara's kindy
We just received an update that Lara got accepted in her kindy. We are so happy that our little darling will be attending kindy! She is so ready for her school. I am happy she's finally going to school.

## Erin's school uniform
We got an allowance from the Australian government for Erin's school uniform. I think it is only proper to buy her more uniform so that we don't run out of it during the week. 

Thank you Australian government! 

We need two more blue pants, and two more long sleeves shirt.

We haven't done this yet. Definitely within the week--before the start of August. -- no more school winter uniform for erin. It's back to spring at the shops!

## Foot rug
It will be sale in Aldi tomorrow. We shall get the foot rug. this is for our front door. So that the mess will not spread all over the house when we get some dirty shoes on from the outside.
